In this project the client, Artemis Financial, was looking to update their businesses software to a more modern software. They requested secure and modern software to handle financial services between them and their clients. One of the major vulnerabilities that was found with the client’s existing software was the lack of a checksum verification for data transfer. Implementing this is something I feel that I did very well. Now when Artemis Financial is sending or receiving data to/from a client there is a checksum verification in place to ensure a secure connection. The most helpful tool that I used as a part of the vulnerability assessment was the maven dependency check. Using this dependency check I was able to see what vulnerabilities lie in the code and possible solutions much faster than by manual review. By adding checksum verification and the generation of certificates of authenticity I added multiple layers of security to the clients software. In the future to access vulnerabilities I will use a combination of manual review of code, manual review of the clients business flow, and dependency checks. Deciding on mitigation techniques based off of these results and the context of the clients business. To ensure that the code and software was functional and secure. I performed functional tests to verify that a checksum is generated and that the CA was used correctly. I also performed a dependency check after implementing the code to make sure I did not add any new vulnerabilities to the software. In my future work things such as dependency checks will help me to ensure the code I am writing is secure even when security may not be the concern for the task. For a future employer I would point out my implementation of a checksum verification and the generation/use of a certificate of authentication.
